OSSM 3.0.0TP1: OSSM-8380 Revision Based label set is missing in the Distributed Tracing doc (#85117)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-config-otel.adoc

Once you verify that you can see traces, lower the `randomSamplingPercentage` value or set it to `default` to reduce the number of requests.
====

. Create the `bookinfo` namespace by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc create ns bookinfo
----

> . Depending on the update strategy you're using, enable sidecar injection in the namespace by running the appropriate command(s):

Reviewer: For one, we should [avoid contractions](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#contractions) in our docs, but also I would suggest a wording like this if you mean to tell users to choose whichever substep applies to them:
```suggestion
. Enable sidecar injection in the namespace by performing one of the following steps:
```

> .. If you are using the `InPlace` update strategy, run the following command:

Author: I get that. 

Keeping it consistent with modules/ossm-directing-egress-traffic-through-a-gateway-using-istio-apis.adoc so users have the same experience each time they encounter this content.

> .. If you are using the `InPlace` update strategy, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: Maybe also note that this only works "if you are using the `InPlace` update strategy and your `Istio` resource has the name `default`."

> .. If you are using the `InPlace` update strategy and your `Istio` resource is named `default`, then run the following command:

Reviewer: Also a suggestion but I think "then" could be trimmed out here:
```suggestion
.. If you are using the `InPlace` update strategy and your `Istio` resource is named `default`, run the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc label ns bookinfo istio-injection=enabled
----
+

> .. If you are using the `RevisionBased` update strategy, then run the following commands:

Reviewer: Same suggestion:
```suggestion
.. If you are using the `RevisionBased` update strategy, run the following commands:
```

+

> ... Find your `<revision-name>` by running the following command:

Reviewer: If <revision-name> is supposed to refer to a user replaced value (which seems to be the case because it's surrounded by brackets>, just an FYI that we should only use underscores for these values:
```suggestion
... Find your `<revision_name>` by running the following command:
```

But in either case, it might be less confusing to use "revision name" in plain text here, especially since that's the phrasing used in the next substep

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get istiorevisions.sailoperator.io
----
+
.Example output:
[source,terminal]
----
NAME              TYPE    READY   STATUS    IN USE   VERSION   AGE
default-v1-23-0   Local   True    Healthy   True    v1.23.0   3m33s
----
+

> ... Run the following command to label the namespace with the revision name to enable sidecar injection:

Reviewer: A few thoughts on this step. For one, I guess it's not necessary, but reversing the order of the phrasing so that it's worded like "take the action by running the following command" would make it more consistent. Additionally, and I think this is probably why it's worded the current way, i think you could remove the "to enable sidecar injection" phrase because that wording is already introduced in the step this is nested under.

Here's what I would suggest:
```suggestion
... Label the namespace with the revision name by running the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----

> $ oc label namespace curl istio.io/rev=default-v1-23-0

Reviewer 3: oc label namespace bookinfo istio.io/rev=default-v1-23-0

Correct this namespace

> $ oc label namespace bookinfo istio.io/rev=default-v1-23-0

Reviewer: It seems that you are using an example value from the previous step's example output without making it explicit, and I think it would be helpful to point that out. I would suggest one of two ways of resolving this:

1. Putting a user-replaced value in this command, like <revision_name> after `istio.io/`, and then following it with another command (that has a ".Example command" title) using the actual example.
2. Adding a callout label here and adding in the description something like "specify your revision name, for example `default-v1-23-0`"
